Hi Sarah and Fred, 

sorry about the delay in getting back to you.  Note, we now
have access to a 5-axis CNC mill, CNC lathe and CNC router.
This is in addition to the laser cutter - so we have a few
additional possibilities w.r.t. fabricating the part.  That
being said laser cutting is still going to be the cheapest
option. So if we can finesse the design into something which
can be laser cut that will help keep the costs down, but we
do some pretty cheap CNC machining now as well. 

First, a rough summary of what I think you want. 

* a box, dimensions 133.06 x 90 x 25.0 (mm), for holding 7
small tubes with diameter 12.5mm and length 75mm. 

* the box will not have a top or bottom on the box so that
the tubes can be easily removed. 

* on the back there are 7 threaded holes (one for each tube)
for hand screw which are used to hold the tubes in place.

* on the front there 7 threaded "pipe adapter" holes which
are used for feeding the vapor to the tubes. 

-----------------------------------------------------------

A couple of quick questions regarding the design.  

1. Is clear acrylic OK for the material? Another possibility
might be polycarbonate.  The main drivers of material
selection are how you plan to use the part and how we  plan
to fabricate it. Acrylic will laser cut well, but it can be
prone to cracking if cleaned frequently with alcohol. As
this sounds like it might be some sort of olfactory assay so
cleaning might be important.  With respect to polycarbonate
- it doesn't laser cut well, but it does machine well. In
addition polycarbonate won't crack or craze when cleaned
with alcohol.   
 
2. How critical are dimensions and material thicknesses in
the drawing?  Are the dimensions (133.06 x 90 x 25.0)
crucial? or is there some range which is acceptable?  You
mention that it should fit snuggly over the EchoTherm heat
block and I'm wonder what constraints this places on the
design dimensions.

Another example, I calculate the side walls to be ~5mm thick
and I'm wondering if there is some latitude here. For
example, stock acrylic sheet come in thicknesses of 1.5mm,
3mm, 6mm, 12mm, ... and for ease of fabrication and costs it
might be advantageous to use one of these stock size.  

3. From the drawing I see that the tube diameter is 12.5mm
and the length is 75mm.  Is there any taper on the tubes?
Depending on how the tubes are made sometimes the top is
wider than the bottom.  Would it be possible to get some
sample tubes?  Will this be the only sides tube used or do
you need to accommodate a range of sizes? 

4. Do we need a gasket or seal where the open part of the
tube mates with front of the box? If you are feeding vapor
into the tubes I'm wondering if will leaking be an issue?  

5. In the drawing, next to each tube, on both the front and
back pieces (the parts with the threaded holes) I see some
cylindrical dowels or extrusions which  I'm guessing are
used to keeping the tube from falling out. Is this correct?
Is there another purpose for these as well or are they just
being used to support the tubes? Note, I'm just trying to
get a feel for where I can make changes, etc.  
 


